Update readme.md (#1465)
nextcloud/all-in-one: readme.md

Be aware though that these locations will not be covered by the built-in backup solution!

> Note: If you can't see the type "local storage" in the admin options, a restart of the nextcloud containers may be required, go to YOUR_IP/containers, and restart them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note:** If you can't see the type "local storage" in the external storage admin options, a restart of the containers from the AIO interface may be required.
```
